Complete content of the FSP package:
------------------------------------

   BETA.README     Warning about using FSP beta versions
   COPYRIGHT	   Who wrote FSP		   
   ChangeLog	   A list of all the changes made to the source code
		   seperated by version.
   FILES	   This list.
   INFO		   Information about the purpose of FSP
   INSTALL	   Installation instructions for FSP
   MACHINES        Where FSP compiles out of box
   setup.csh       CSH script for initializing FSP (Unix).
   setup.sh        SH script for initializing FSP (Unix).
   fspd.conf   	   An example fspd.conf file suitable for copying and editing.
   SConstruct      SCons main configuration file
   SConscript      SCons script for building files in directory
   TODO		   What is planed for future versions

   doc/            Aditional FSP documentation
   SConscript      SCons script for building files in directory
   faq.html        OLD FSP FAQ
   HISTORY         OLD FSP Changelog
   PROTOCOL        FSP v2 protocol definition
   4LAMERZ.TXT	   Lamerpack readme
   fsp-faq.sgml    New SGML FSP FAQ

   bsd_src/        Directory containing additional sources derived from
                   those in public archive on uunet.uu.net. Most sources
                   are modified to deal with FSP or some architectures.
    SConscript     SCons script for building files in directory
    cmp.c          BSD compare routines.
    find.c	   Source for BSD find.
    fnmatch.c	   filename matching functions for BSD find.
    function.c	   BSD find function parser.
    glob.c         modified BSD globbing routine.
    ls.c           Modified ls source.
    operator.c	   operator parsing code for BSD find.
    option.c	   option parsing for BSD find.
    print.c        Directory print routines, modified for VMS.
    random.c       BSD random/srandom functions.
    util.c         additional util routines for ls.
    
   client/	   Code common to all clients
    SConscript     SCons script for building files in directory
    lib.c          Core routines of the client library.
    lock.c         Simple file locking code to do client multi-plexing.
    util.c         Supplementry routines of the client library.

   clients/	   Code for the standalone and merged client versions
    SConscript     SCons script for building files in directory
    fgrabcmd.c     environment variables (fcdcmd and fhostcmd)
    fcatcmd.c      These compiles into individual client utilities.
    fcdcmd.c       Those with a "cmd" in their name will require
    fducmd.c       shell alias wrappers either because they do their own
    ffindcmd.c     file globbing on argv based on directory information
    fgetcmd.c      gotten from the server or because the modify the
    fhostcmd.c     
    flscmd.c        
    fmkdir.c       
    fprocmd.c      
    fput.c         
    frmcmd.c       
    frmdircmd.c    
    fver.c         
    fstatcmd.c     
    fmvcmd.c	   
    fspprof.l      lex rules for generating fsp_prof parser
    fprintpro.c    display protections flags in human readable form 
    merge.c        This file is used to call the other client programs
	           when program merging option is used.  Rather than
		   compiling into individual client utility programs,
		   users may opt to build a single program which
		   contains all client funtionalities, which are to
		   be distinguished at run time by the name used to
		   activate the program.  Significant space saving can
		   be achieved on some machines.

   common/	   Directory containing code used in both server and clients
    SConscript     SCons script for building files in directory
    strdup.c	   Unix strdup function.
    random.c       Unix random function.
    getsl.c        gets with length limit
    udp_io.c       Lowest level routines that deal with the unix inet
                   sockets. Some changes might be needed to get it
                   running with other network implementations.
   include/	   Directory containing all include files.
    bsd_extern.h   External definitions for all the functions from bsd_src dir.
    c_extern.h     External definitions for all the functions from client dir.
    client_conf.h  Client options that need to be manually configured.
    client_def.h   Definition for the client code.
    co_extern.h	   External definitions for all the functions from common dir.
    common_def.h   Definitions common to both the server code and the
                   client code.
    find.h	   definitions for the BSD find command.
    ls.h           definitions for the BSD ls command.
    my-string.h	   Headerfile to avoid some bogus redefinitions of strings.
    proto.h	   function prototyping headers.
    s_extern.h     External definitions for all the functions from server dir. 
    server_conf.h  Server options that need to be manually configured.
    server_def.h   Definitions for the server code.
    tweak.h        Defines macros for correct compilation based on SCons
                   configured defines.
    version.h	   header file containing FSP version information.

   man/		   Manual pages for the FSP clients/server.
     SConscript    SCons script for building files in directory
		   Man pages
     fcat.1
     fcatcmd.1
     fcd.1
     fcdcmd.1
     fdu.1
     fducmd.1
     ffind.1
     ffindcmd.1
     fget.1
     fgetcmd.1
     fgrab.1
     fgrabcmd.1
     fhost.1
     fhostcmd.1
     fls.1
     flscmd.1
     fmkdir.1
     fpro.1
     fprocmd.1
     fput.1
     frm.1
     frmcmd.1
     frmdir.1
     frmdircmd.1
     fspd.1
     fver.1
     fsetup.1
     fsp_prof.5
     fsp_env.7

   server/	   Files needed to compile the FSPD server
    SConscript     SCons script for building files in directory
    acl.c          ACL loading, saving, testing
    conf.c         fspd configuration file reading routines. 
    fifocache.c    Simple FIFO - style cache
    file.c         Server routines for file i/o.
    filecache.c    fp-caching routines.
    host.c         Server routines for maintaining client database.
    info.c         Generation of INFO block
    iprange.c      Range checks for IPv4
    log.c          Loging stuff
    main.c         Server main routine and dispatch loop.
    path.c         Path parser
    pidfile.c      Pidfile writing
    random.c       Next KEY generator
    server.c       FSP Packet serving

   contrib/        User contributed files
    SConscript     SCons script for building files in directory
    rotate.py      90deg. rotation of input text
    fspscan.c      FSP site scanner
    fspscan.h	   FSP site scanner header file
    auto_del.csh   Remove outdated files from FSP home

   tests/          Tests for some internal FSPD functions
    SConscript     SCons script for building files in directory
    cacheheck.c    FSP key/value Cache function tests
    mklargefile.c  Creates large file
    parsecheck.c   Input path parsing
    randomcheck.c  Random generator tests

   site_scons/	   Custom tests for SCons framework
    importer.py    Imports variables from environment into SCons
    clangtest.py   Test for existence of variable, variable size
    gzipBuilder.py Builds GZip compressed file
    lockprefix.py  User supplied lock prefix
    symlinkBuilder.py Builds symlink
    locktype.py    Autodetects or user selected locking type
    timeout.py     Check if we should build clients with infinite retry
    prefix.py      User supplied installation prefix
    maintainer.py  Check if we are enabling maintainer mode
    compilertest.py Tests if compiler support additional switches
    lamerpack.py   Check if we are building lamerpack
    mandir.py      User supplied man directory
    debugmode.py   Check if extra debug info is requested
    sysconfdir.py  User configured directory with server config
    relsignals.py  Check if signal handlers auto installs themself
    docdir.py      User supplied documentation directory
    clients.py	   Check if we are installing client commands
    sgmldoc.py     Check if sgmlfmt is available and working
